sysext: Document Upholds= for starting units (#294)
flatcar/flatcar-docs: docs/provisioning/sysext/_index.md

The image can be a plain ext4 or btrfs filesystem image but squashfs images are a useful format to consider because besides the compression it offers, the `mksquashfs` tool simply takes a directory as input and doesn't need loop devices and mounting of an image file.

Inside the image or folder structure there must be a file `usr/lib/extension-release.d/extension-release.NAME` with metadata used for version matching.

> The basic matching that has to be there is `ID=flatcar` plus one of `VERSION_ID` or `SYSEXT_LEVEL`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The basic matching that needs to be there is `ID=flatcar` plus one of `VERSION_ID` or `SYSEXT_LEVEL`.
```

> If your binaries link against Flatcar's binaries under `/usr`, you must couple your sysext image to the Flatcar version by specyfing `VERSION_ID=MAJOR.MINOR.PATH` in `extension-release.NAME` to match the `/etc/os-release` version.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If your binaries link against Flatcar's binaries under `/usr`, you must couple your sysext image to the Flatcar version by specyfing `VERSION_ID=MAJOR.MINOR.PATCH` in `extension-release.NAME` to match the `VERSION_ID` field from `/etc/os-release`.
```

Author: Thanks!

```

Then place your binaries under `usr/bin/` and your systemd units under `usr/lib/systemd/system/`.
While Flatcar currently allows you to enable systemd units by including the symlinks it would generate when enabling the units, e.g., `sockets.target.wants/my.socket` → `../my.socket`, this is not recommended.

> The recommended way is to ship drop-ins for the target units that start your unit, e.g., `usr/lib/systemd/system/sockets.target.d/10-docker-socket.conf` would contain (similar for `multi-user.target` and a `.service` unit):

Reviewer: "The recommended way is to ship drop-ins for the target units that start your unit, would contain" is a weird grammar.

```suggestion
The recommended way is to ship drop-ins for the target units that start your unit, e.g., `usr/lib/systemd/system/sockets.target.d/10-docker-socket.conf` with the following content (similar for `multi-user.target` and a `.service` unit):
```

```

You can reload the sysext images at runtime by executing `systemctl restart systemd-sysext`.
In Flatcar this also triggers `ensure-sysext.service` to reload the unit files from disk (in the future this may be covered by `systemd-sysext` itself).

> As additional workaround, Flatcar currently also reevaluates `multi-user.target`, `sockets.target`, and `timers.target`, to make sure your enabled systemd units run, but for units started by `Upholds=` drop-ins that wouldn't be needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
As an additional workaround, Flatcar currently also reevaluates `multi-user.target`, `sockets.target`, and `timers.target`, to make sure your enabled systemd units run, but for units started by `Upholds=` drop-ins that wouldn't be needed.
```
